Hello everyone! In this lesson, we will figure out how to get the source codes for all projects of our course.
The draft of the first chapter is located on GitHub at life-exe / GeometrySandbox.These sources
can be downloaded even if you do not have a GitHub account. Click on the code button and download zip.
The sources for the second, main project are located at life-exe / UnrealEngine
The project is part of the Unreal Engine repository, where the engine source codes are located and lives in a separate branch.
The project uses the assets of the Shooter Game. I don’t have the right to publish them,
but they are available to everyone who joined the Epic Games organization on GitHub. By joining the Epic
Games organization on GitHub, we sign a user agreement that grants us the right to use
assets from the Shooter Game project. Let's do all the necessary steps. For demonstration purposes,
I created test accounts for Epic Games and GitHub. Log in to the Unreal Engine
site Go to the GitHub site. If you already have an account, then just log in, if not, then create an account.
I log into my test account on GitHub.
Now we need to link our GitHub account to our Epic Games account. Back to
the Unreal Engine website. We point to our login and select Personal in the pop-up menu.
Next, in the menu, go to the Connections, Accounts category and click on
connect under GitHub. In the pop-up popup, we need to read one of the user
agreements. We select the first option. Scroll down. It is understood that we are all reading this.
And click on the agree button. Click on link account. A special GitHub popup opens,
where you need to provide access to Epic Games.
After that, a letter should come to the mail in which you are invited to the Epic Games organization.
Epic team admin invited us to join the Epic Games organization.
Click on the button in the join Epic Games letter. Again.
We are automatically redirected to the Epic Games organization. Now we are in it
and immediately get access to all the source code of the engine. If now we go to the
life-exe / UnrealEngine page, Update it. Then the repository with the source code of the main project is now available to us.
This is essentially the Unreal Engine repository. For our project, I created a separate branch there
called ShootThemUpGame. The source archive can be downloaded
by clicking on the code download zip. Or it can be done in another way. On the right by clicking
on the releases hyperlink. And also by clicking on the source code. We will also download the sources for the first project.
So, the archives have been downloaded.
I will move them to the documents directory.
Into the unreal project subdirectory. Unzip the zip files.
Let's check the work of the projects. Let's start with the GeometrySandbox. To generate
Visual Studio project files, right-click on the
.uproject file and select generate visual studio project files. We open solution.
Click on local windows debugger. We start compiling the project.
The Unreal editor has opened. There isn't much to watch here. With the help of this project, we will study the
architecture of the engine and also specific points related to C ++. We close the project.
Close Visual Studio. Now let's launch the main project. We do the same - generate the Visual Studio files.
Opening solution.
We start compilation.
The first time you launch the project, you will have to wait for the shaders to compile.
This may take some time. Let's go to the levels directory.
The shaders are compiled. Let's open some level. For example, death level.
Click on the play button at the top.
You can play and see what we get at the very end of the course.
If you press the "P" key on the keyboard, you can go to the main menu.
Select some other level in the interface and also test it.
We will study all this. Close editor. The projects were compiled, opened, everything should work.
All links to repositories will naturally be attached to the collection.
Additionally, there is a page on the Unreal website with instructions on
how to join the Epic Games organization. If you suddenly have any problems,
you can use this instruction step by step, but we have already done these steps in the video,
so I think you will succeed. Now let's see how to clone a repository.
This is a more correct way, because we will be able to watch all the commits, all the changes
that took place in a particular lesson. In the search for windows, we find comand promt.
Go to the directory with our projects. We check that we have git installed on our system.
Let's use the where git command. The path to git should be displayed in the console. The command for git cloning a repository
is called git clone. We want to clone a specific branch from our repository,
so the -b flag needs to be specified, i.e. branch, branch. The name of our branch is ShootThemUpGame.
Copy the path to the repository.
Click on the code button. We will clone in the usual way,
without using ssh. Click on the button on the right, copy the path to our repository.
Additionally, we need to specify a flag called --single-branch. This
will only copy our specific branch. Add the repository path. Press enter.
The authorization popup has opened. Click on the button. Add our account to git.
We return to the command line and wait for the repository to clone.
Everything is ready. Let's also clone the GeometrySandbox repository right away.
Everything is simpler here. The project is in the master branch,
so in the console you need to type git clone the path to the repository and press enter.
We can open the folder with projects and make sure that the repositories were really cloned.
Let's install the git client we talked about in the previous tutorial.
It is called SourceTree. Run set up.
We skip the first step. Atlassian has its own cloud-based code storage service
called Bitbucket. The mercurial option can be unchecked. Click on next.
On this screen, you must enter a username and mail. They will be used when creating a new commit.
Click the next button. ssh key we don't have, so click on the no button.
Opened SourceTree - the git management interface. Let's add our repositories.
Click on the add button. We indicate the path to the directory with the repository we are interested in.
Add GeometrySandbox repository. Let's immediately add the main repository of our ShootThemUp course.
Now we can visually view all the commits
that exist in the project. The name of each commit contains a lesson number,
so you can conveniently view the changes that were made in a particular lesson.
The list of files is displayed below. When you select any of them, the changes that have been made in this file
will be displayed on the right . Note for advanced users
that our repositories do not use git lfs settings for binaries.
You can also watch the commits on GitHub itself. There is a link on the right that opens a list of all commits.
And when you click on a specific commit, you can also see what changes were made in specific files.
This concludes this lesson.